### *Reading (deappel.nl)* and *Reading (stedelijk.nl)*, 2015

This is the javascript for Benjamin Forster's artwork *Reading*, which was developed for exhibition *Your Time Is Not My Time* at De Appel Art Centre and the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam from May 23 until June 28. The work unraveled through a recurring fade in and fade out of words. Based on an algorithm which selects snippets of text from the website on which its hosted, the work emphasises the speed of online movement, forging us to slow down. Through its tacit pace, it draws attention to aspects of hypertextuality, amassing to a form of poetry innate to the online environment. The work was accessible via the Stedelijk Museum website and traveled to the website of de Appel arts centre (www.deappel.nl), expanding the ideas of (the museum) space. The notion of time is challenged, not only through the pace of the appearing words, but also due to the fact that the performance started at 8pm in different time zones, allowing an intercontinental audience witness the intervention on the website, either accidentally or on purpose. 

The performance took place in the context of the exhibition *Your Time Is Not My Time*, which was part of the Curatorial Programme Final Project, on view at de Appel arts centre from May 23 until June 28, 2015. This show revolves around the radical change of the conditions of visuality. How images have shifted from the personal realm to a currency in cybernetic participation, where the value or/and power resides in being seen. This new visual economy has blurred the lines between producers and audience, enlarging the concept of authorship. A version of Benjamin Forster’s work was on view at the website of de Appel arts centre for the duration of the exhibition.

(Read more)[http://deappel.nl/visit/programme/activity/?id=988]